Fix FileVersion recommendation (#9498)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/library-guidance/versioning.md

> 

Reviewer: update ms.date on line 6?

<AssemblyInformationalVersion>The quick brown fox jumped over the lazy dog.</AssemblyInformationalVersion>
```

> [!NOTE]

> > Older versions of Visual Studio will raise a build warning if this version does not follow the format `Major.Minor.Build.Revision`. The warning can be safely ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Older versions of Visual Studio raise a build warning if this version doesn't follow the format `Major.Minor.Build.Revision`. The warning can be safely ignored.
```
